#James Gu
#jjgu
#Winter2022
#PA3
##Description of Program: This program is an implementation of the Graph ADT and is written in C. The main program is called FindComponents.c and the implementation is in Graph.c. The Graph ADT consists of vertices that connect to one another and can be represented with a tree or adjacency lists. Each of these vertices have a number assigned to them. Additionally, each vertex can connect to another vertex either directed (one-way) or undirected (both ways). The main functionality of this program is its DFS() function which implements the Depth First Search algorithm. With this function, the Graph can be used to find the strongest components of the graph. In other words it can find where a certain set of vertices are closed off with each other.
###Build for Program: List.h: the header file for List.c that layouts the interface, List.c: contains the implementation for the List ADT, Graph.h: the header file for Graph.c that layouts the interface, Graph.c: contains the implementation for the Graph ADT, GraphTest.c: a program to help test the Graph, FindComponents.c: the main for this program, the input is a infile and outputs an adjacency list and the strongest components into the outfile, Makefile: This file compiles the program by typing in make in the command line. README.md: describes the program and build for the program.
####User Guide: The first stop to use this program is to use the command make. Then the user can type in ./FindComponents <infile> <outfile> so they can find the list of strongest components of the graph. 
